<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3c.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" xmlns:fb="http://facebook.com">
<h:head>

	<meta charset="utf-8" />
	<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
	<meta name="description" content="" />
	<meta name="author" content="" />
	<title>Wellness and Health</title>

	<!-- Bootstrap Core CSS -->
	<link href="css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet" />

	<!-- Custom CSS -->
	<link href="css/sb-admin.css" rel="stylesheet" />

	<!-- Custom Fonts -->
	<link href="font-awesome/css/font-awesome.min.css" rel="stylesheet"
		type="text/css" />
	<!-- HTML5 Shim and Respond.js IE8 support of HTML5 elements and media queries -->
	<!-- WARNING: Respond.js doesn't work if you view the page via file:// -->
	<!--[if lt IE 9]>
        <script src="https://oss.maxcdn.com/libs/html5shiv/3.7.0/html5shiv.js"></script>
        <script src="https://oss.maxcdn.com/libs/respond.js/1.4.2/respond.min.js"></script>
    <![endif]-->

	<link href='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans'
		rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' />
	<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/base.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript"
		src="http://maps.google.com/maps/api/js?sensor=true"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.google.com/jsapi"></script>
	    <meta name="google-signin-scope" content="profile email"/>
    <meta name="google-signin-client_id" content="28452599812-cr40gohkngn4eu2i09i58eot0v0j3nbo.apps.googleusercontent.com"/>
    <script src="https://apis.google.com/js/platform.js" async="async" defer="defer"></script>
</h:head>
<body>
	<script>
		// This is called with the results from from FB.getLoginStatus().
		function statusChangeCallback(response) {
			console.log('statusChangeCallback');
			console.log(response);
			// The response object is returned with a status field that lets the
			// app know the current login status of the person.
			// Full docs on the response object can be found in the documentation
			// for FB.getLoginStatus().
			if (response.status === 'connected') {
				// Logged into your app and Facebook.
				testAPI();
			} else if (response.status === 'not_authorized') {
				// The person is logged into Facebook, but not your app.
				document.getElementById('status').innerHTML = 'Please log '
						+ 'into this app.';
			} else {
				// The person is not logged into Facebook, so we're not sure if
				// they are logged into this app or not.
				document.getElementById('status').innerHTML = 'Please log '
						+ 'into Facebook.';
			}
		}

		// This function is called when someone finishes with the Login
		// Button.  See the onlogin handler attached to it in the sample
		// code below.
		function checkLoginState() {
			FB.getLoginStatus(function(response) {
				statusChangeCallback(response);
			});
		}

		window.fbAsyncInit = function() {
			FB.init({
				appId : '1479119129057094',
				cookie : true, // enable cookies to allow the server to access 
				// the session
				xfbml : true, // parse social plugins on this page
				version : 'v2.2' // use version 2.2
			});

			// Now that we've initialized the JavaScript SDK, we call 
			// FB.getLoginStatus().  This function gets the state of the
			// person visiting this page and can return one of three states to
			// the callback you provide.  They can be:
			//
			// 1. Logged into your app ('connected')
			// 2. Logged into Facebook, but not your app ('not_authorized')
			// 3. Not logged into Facebook and can't tell if they are logged into
			//    your app or not.
			//
			// These three cases are handled in the callback function.

			FB.getLoginStatus(function(response) {
				statusChangeCallback(response);
			});

		};

		// Load the SDK asynchronously
		(function(d, s, id) {
			var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
			if (d.getElementById(id))
				return;
			js = d.createElement(s);
			js.id = id;
			js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js";
			fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
		}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));

		// Here we run a very simple test of the Graph API after login is
		// successful.  See statusChangeCallback() for when this call is made.
		function testAPI() {
			console.log('Welcome!  Fetching your information.... ');
			FB
					.api(
							'/me',
							function(response) {
								console.log('Successful login for: '
										+ response.name);
								document.getElementById('status').innerHTML = 'Thanks for logging in, '
										+ response.name + '!';
							});
		}
	</script>

	<div id="fb-root"></div>
	<script>
		(function(d, s, id) {
			var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
			if (d.getElementById(id))
				return;
			js = d.createElement(s);
			js.id = id;
			js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&amp;version=v2.4&amp;appId=1479119129057094";
			fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
		}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));
	</script>

	<div id="status"></div>
	<div class="container">
		<div class="row">
			<div class="col-md-4 col-md-offset-4">
				<div class="login-panel panel panel-default">
					<div class="panel-heading">
						<h3 class="panel-title">Please Sign In</h3>
					</div>
					<div class="panel-body">
						<h:form id="loginForm">
							<fieldset>
								<div class="form-group">
									<p:inputText id="username" value="#{loginBean.uname}"></p:inputText>
								</div>
								<div class="form-group">
									<p:password id="password" value="#{loginBean.password}"
										feedback="false"></p:password>
								</div>
								<div class="checkbox">
									<label> <input name="remember" type="checkbox"
										value="Remember Me" />Remember Me
									</label>
								</div>
								<!-- Change this to a button or input when using this as a form -->

								<p:commandButton styleClass="btn btn-lg btn-success btn-block"
									action="#{loginBean.loginProject}" value="Login"
									update="loginForm" ajax="true"></p:commandButton>

								<div class="fb-login-button" data-max-rows="1"
									data-size="xlarge" data-show-faces="false"
									data-auto-logout-link="false"></div>
									
									    <div class="g-signin2" data-onsuccess="onSignIn" data-theme="dark"></div>
    <script>
      function onSignIn(googleUser) {
        // Useful data for your client-side scripts:
        var profile = googleUser.getBasicProfile();
        console.log("ID: " + profile.getId()); // Don't send this directly to your server!
        console.log("Name: " + profile.getName());
        console.log("Image URL: " + profile.getImageUrl());
        console.log("Email: " + profile.getEmail());

        // The ID token you need to pass to your backend:
        var id_token = googleUser.getAuthResponse().id_token;
        console.log("ID Token: " + id_token);
      };
    </script>
    
							</fieldset>
						</h:form>
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>

	<!-- jQuery -->

	<!-- Bootstrap Core JavaScript -->
	<script src="js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>

</body>
</html>
